routing.md: fixed lazy matching definition (#30409)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/routing.md

<a name="greedy"></a>

> Greedy matching matches the largest possible string. Non-greedy matching, also known as [lazy matching](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Regular_expression#Lazy_matching), matches the smallest possible string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greedy matching, also known as *maximal matching* attempts to find the longest possible match in the input text that satisfies the [regex](/dotnet/standard/base-types/regular-expressions) pattern. Non-greedy matching, also known as lazy matching seeks the shortest possible match in the input text that satisfies the regex pattern.
```

> Greedy matching, also known as *maximal matching* attempts to find the longest possible match in the input text that satisfies the [regex](/dotnet/standard/base-types/regular-expressions) pattern. Non-greedy matching, also known as lazy matching seeks the shortest possible match in the input text that satisfies the regex pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greedy matching, also known as *maximal matching* attempts to find the longest possible match in the input text that satisfies the [regex](/dotnet/standard/base-types/regular-expressions) pattern. Non-greedy matching, also known as l_azy matching_ seeks the shortest possible match in the input text that satisfies the regex pattern.
```
